= How to build JTV from source =

A JTV source project has the following subdirectories:
 * {{{src}}} Java source files
 * {{{bin}}} compiled class files
 * {{{lib}}} jars needed on the classpath when building and running JTV


== Ant ==

JTV comes with an {{{ant}}} script that you can use to build JTV from source. First of all, make sure {{{ant}}} is installed on your system. On Ubuntu linux for example you can get the package by typing {{{sudo apt-get install ant}}}. You can also check [http://ant.apache.org/manual/install.html] to install {{{ant}}} on your system.

Next, unzip jtv-src-<version>.zip to a directory. In that directory, type {{{ant}}} to build JTV from source. You should see something like:

{{{
Buildfile: build.xml

default:
    [mkdir] Created dir: /data/public/prog/jtv/bin
    [javac] Compiling 26 source files to /data/public/prog/jtv/bin
    [javac] Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
    [javac] Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.

BUILD SUCCESSFUL
Total time: 5 seconds
}}}

The compiled java classes are now in the {{{bin}}} directory.


== Eclipse ==

The source release of JTV is configured as an Eclipse project which you can import into your Eclipse workbench. The project is already configured so that the jars in the {{{lib}}} directory are all on the build path and the compiled classes will go into the {{{bin}}} directory.


== Other ==

The accompanying scripts in JTV expect to find the compiled JTV classes in the {{{bin}}} subdirectory, so you should compile every source file in the {{{src}}} directory to {{{bin}}}. The jars needed to build and run JTV are in the {{{lib}}} directory, so they should be on the classpath when building.