= Prerequisites for the backend =

The JTV backend runs on a Linux system with Java 6 and IVTV-drivers installed. JTV is not technically limited to this configuration, but this is its reference platform.

My system is an Ubuntu Linux 7.04 (Feisty) with a Hauppage PVR-500 card installed. Ubuntu installed the IVTV-drivers for me. Kernel version is 2.6.20-16 on an AMD Athlon 3000+ with 512 MB RAM. Hardware requirements are low in other words.


== Check Java 6 ==
Type {{{java -version}}}, it should say something like
{{{
java version "1.6.0"
Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.6.0-b105)
Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 1.6.0-b105, mixed mode)
}}}

If it is not a Sun Java, or it is not version 1.6 or later, you need to install it. On Ubuntu, you can use [http://www.getautomatix.com/ Automatix] to install a recent version of Java.


== Check IVTV drivers ==
Type {{{ivtv-tune -f 233.250}}}, you should see something like
{{{
/dev/video0: 233.250 MHz
}}}

If you cannot change the frequency of a tuner, you will not be able to use JTV. Install your IVTV drivers correctly. For Ubuntu, check this [http://ivtvdriver.org/index.php/Howto:Ubuntu howto].


== Check video ==
Type {{{cat /dev/video0 > test.mpg}}} and abort it after a few seconds. Check that the file {{{test.mpg}}} was written. Play it with mplayer or vlc. If you see an image or static, something that resembles a television picture, then you are ok.

----

If you have a Linux PC with Java 6 and IVTV drivers correctly installed, you can run the JTV backend!